DOC-3231: Refactor documentation for server-side components to support Docker deployment. (#3757)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/supported-application-servers.adoc

* Docker Engine:
** 24.0 or later (latest stable version recommended)
* Kubernetes:
** 1.31.x or later (latest stable version recommended)

> IMPORTANT: As of {productname} 8.0, server-side components are only supported via Docker containers. Java-based WAR file deployments have been deprecated and are no longer supported.

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: As of {productname} {productmajorversion}, server-side components are only supported via Docker containers. Java-based WAR file deployments have been deprecated and are no longer supported.
```

> * Docker Engine:
> ** 24.0 or later (latest stable version recommended)
> * Docker Compose:
> ** 2.20.0 or later (latest stable version recommended)
> 
> IMPORTANT: As of {productname} 8.0, server-side components are only supported via Docker containers. Java-based WAR file deployments have been deprecated and are no longer supported.

Reviewer: If we're trying for something analogous to what we're replacing, then probably:
```suggestion
* Docker Engine:
** 24.0 or later (latest stable version recommended)
* Kubernetes:
** 1.30.x or later (latest stable version recommended)

IMPORTANT: As of {productname} 8.0, server-side components are only supported via Docker containers. Java-based WAR file deployments have been deprecated and are no longer supported.
```
